Yes, I am a newbie programmer, my only experience with code is a 4th grade python book, which introduced me to python,
and a Django course that I bought on UDEMY.com. 
I've been attempting to create a "forum" for my dad's project, and he's been paying me to do it,
the same as he would pay someone else, except that it killed three birds with one stone to pay me to do it. 
1) I was depressed during covid and sitting on my ass a lot, and this gave me something to do. 
2) It ushers me into being independent of him, as he would have had to help me out anyway had he not wanted me to die. 
3) My dad needed this project complete for the sake of his retirement income, which he had been investing madly for the sake of hope. 

FORMANDDATA2 is my project, which doesn't work. 
django-practical-guide-course-code-forms-14-class-based-views is the instructors project, which works. 

The problem is that I need the form to write to the database. If you use the shell to open the database, you will see that 
there is one data entry in the database, that I had added through the shell. If you were to use the form to try to add data
to the database (at least on my computer) you would not be able to add more data to the database.

You must access the database through the shell in order to see if the data has or has not been added. 
python manage.py shell
from app1.models import CommentData
CommentData.objects.all()
If there is only one entry in the database, then the form has not added the new data from the form to the database. 
The instructor's project works, and currently the only difference between the instructor's project and mine, is that in the
forms1.html document, I have 
    <form action="/submitted" method="POST">
whereas the instructor has
    <form action="/" method="POST">
I suppose the logic behind this is that he has the formpage on the "" of his webpage and I have it on a "/formpage." 
I suppose if I were to put my form page on "" that if I were to use "/" the HttpResponseRedirect command in views would work. 

...

PROBLEM SOLVED
The form writing to the database, WAS linked to the "/" in the forms1.html
????
How this works, I have no idea. Why would this matter? 
And How would I make this work if the formpage was not the top page? 

......
OLD
......
The only solution left, is that the forms.py file needs to be updated. 
It is possible that that was the only problem. 

Otherwise, the very last attempt is to create the superuser. 
This would mean that the superuser was necessary on a new database, without the original null commands,
in order to make the form print to the database. 

None of that worked. 
The projects are pretty much identical, and the professors works, and mine doesn't. 

Even updated the html5 document, and it still didn't work. 
The only thing I haven't done was add CSS, which shouldn't matter. 


Its also clear that there is something different about the system that my instructor wrote his code on and mine. 
Somehow his code from his machine, is written differently than mine in a few ways that works, when, when I write it on my machine, it doens't work.
For instance, in forms1.html, when I write "/" it does not redirect to the submitted page using the HttpResponseRedirect from views. 
I have to write "/submitted" in my html code, in order for the redirect to work. 
However, in my instructor's code, writen on his machine, he wrote "/" and it redirected just fine through the views. 
Although, my and his views are pretty much the same. 
This could be related to how I cannot write to the database, using code written from my machine, and yet, I can download the code written from hims machine, 
and it works, even though I cannot write the code from scratch with modest changes on my machine, and have it work. 

There is some sort of machine differences, that have to be accounted for. 

It makes sense, because some computers won't let you get past "django-admin startproject", like my dad's computer, and some cases I've seen online. 

The last attempt I can think of is to adjust the url of the "formpage" to be "" before attemtping to use "/" on the html "action="/"" message. 
The logic behind this working, would not really make sense however. 